So, the committee room with all members of the staff and that would include Mr. Shrine,
that you might express an interest without carrying it to such an aggressive point that
it can be construed as under-influencers on your phone.
Have you an opinion as to where the dividing line might be?
Well, I think it's a possible and commendable, that one person has an interest in another.
So, you believe that you could express an interest in the military future of the day in a
charred and still not transgressed, the suffice.
Yes sir, and invite the charred that there have been under-influencers on your phone.
Yes sir, that's all Mr. Shrine, through the morning.
And the Jackson, you have ten minutes.
And the charred, I understand from the answer you gave in response to Senator Dirkson's
question, that you took notes in connection with all of these various meetings and get
together's notes.
No, sir.
In other words, the only notes that you have are the notes that I've been transformed into
the form of memoranda, which is included in this document.
That's correct, the only notes I have at this time.
Well, it's not actressen to say that your recollection would be better than parties on the
other side of this controversy, because you had taken notes at the time of these various
incidents.
Well, I agree with you, sir.
I got the impression you say that you had notes on all of these other incidents that took
place that are not included in the memoranda, that most are out of the end of my recollection.
Pardon me?
I stand on my recollection.
You stand on your recollection, sir, that you're not relying on notes, ma'am.
Well, I have a connection with the other conversations, not included in the memoranda.
Yes, I have some notes of some time, Chester, throughout the course of these.
But in so far, this dispute is concerned that we have been listening to for all these weeks.
The notes taken, the memoranda and everything are contained in the document for all practical
purposes.
Now, Mr. Carr, in your memorandum of December 9, 1953, in the first paragraph, you state
the Army is fine to use shine as a hostage, in substance at this, and find it the first
paragraph.
Yes, and I think you go on to say that John Adams refers to shine as a hostage or that
hostage whenever this name comes up.
I wonder just how you're using the term hostage in your memorandum.
The dictionary definition in part is that the state of a person given or kept as a pledge
pending the fulfillment of a teacher, the man, as a threat.
That's Webster's definition.
And Webster also defines hostage as the state of a guest, hence the state of a hostage treated
as a guest.
As you use it, is it the former or the latter?
You say the latter or the state of a guest?
This is Webster's two alternative definitions are not quite reconcilable.
Let me give you the latter.
Let me give the firm a point on the same question.
I'm asking you now, we use the word hostage in his memorandum.
It's very simple.
Go ahead, Mr. President.
The dictionary, Webster's dictionary has pretty good sort.
State that it is the state of a person given or kept as a pledge pending the fulfillment of a future
demand, comma, as a threat.
That's the first definition.
And the second one is that it's the state of a guest, hence the state of a hostage treated as a guest.
Now how did you use the word hostage?
Well, I think that I first used the word hostage from association with Mr. Adams.
He first used the word hostage.
I had in mind that, at Megalong Center, I had in mind that he had in mind that this was a person whom they could,
this was an object or person that they could hold over our head in order to put pressure on us.
Well, in other words, you were using it in the sense of a threat.
I would say loosely in the sense of a threat, yes.
Well, what did the Army threaten to do to try and if the hearings were not called off?
What did they threaten to do with this?
What did the Army threaten to do with the shine if the hearings were not called off?
Well, one thing that they threatened to do was to ship them overseas before he had finished his training.
I should say the Army, Mr. Adams, may distance.
Are you sure that when I wasn't quite certain in the previous testimony,
that Mr. Adams had definitely threatened to send them before he had finished basic training?
Well, that was the interpretation I've placed on.
I don't know what day he attended in the go.
One was that first date when he threatened to send him overseas before finishing basic training.
He was on the 14th of January.
Well, now how could you have in mind that threat when you didn't say I hadn't mind that threat?
Well, but just remember, Adam was written on December 9th and I asked,
you used the word hostage in the first paragraph.
That's right.
And you gave the term threat to it from the dictionary and I've adopted the dictionary.
I said that I hadn't mind.
Well, what threat did you have in mind on December 9th when you used the word hostage?
I didn't say that I hadn't mind the threat on that date.
I used the word hostage as a word that Mr. Adams had used.
And as a word that I meant to mean holding somebody overhead to use pressure on us.
Well, as I read the sentence, the second sentence in your December 9th memorandum,
what I want to tell you, this is the sender McCarthy, is that I am getting fed up with the way the Army is trying to use shine as a hostage to pressure us to stop our hearings on the Army.
What could they have done to shine at that time?
But could they have done to shine?
Yeah, this is December 9th.
He was getting his passes, wasn't he right along?
May I?
Yes, sir.
The use of the word hostage goes back to Adam's use of the word hostage.
I don't claim that musing me word hostage in this sentence or in any sentence in the dictionary sentence.
I'm using it as Mr. Adams uses it.
As I thought he used it, I would say.
As a means of dangling a little bit of pressure over us or indicating that he could do save it for him if we would save it for the Army.
Well, then with reference to this December 9th memorandum of yours, Mr. Carr, when you used the word hostage,
you didn't have in mind then that the Army could do anything to hurt shine.
Well, I wouldn't say that I hadn't mind that you could do anything to hurt shine.
Well, it was pretty fair with him up to that time, and he'd been getting extra passes more than he was normal drafts he was getting.
Yes, the Army had been saved with him at that time.
Well, then as far as you knew at that time, you didn't know of anything that they were doing or contemplated doing that would come within the category of a threat.
No, sir.
Now, you also stayed in the memorandum down the next paragraph.
That I just say I thought it wasn't fair for them to take it out on shine because we were investigating the Army or to keep using it to try to stop our investigation.
Well, actually, if that time were they taking anything out on shine, I'm just reading these.
No, that's a statement. That's a statement that I think at this point it's a little difficult for me to say exactly what I had in mind when this thing was dictated.
I think that the statement you did read, which is in the second paragraph of this?
Yes, it's the next to the last sentence in the second paragraph.
Right.
You see, you talk in terms of this was going on now.
In other words, I did say I thought it wasn't fair for them to take it out on shine.
You didn't have in mind that they were taking it out on shine.
Well, no, but you were calling my question.
You know, just let me stop here in the memorandum.
Now on the next paragraph.
You both just look like a statement.
No time off.
I've been time off.
Now on the next paragraph, you say I'm convinced that they will keep right on trying to blackmail us as long as shine is in the Army.
It's the memorandum of December 9th.
It's about referring to all the time.
Let's on page 5 of the printed one.
Thank you very much.
I am convinced that they will keep right on trying to blackmail us as long as shine is in the Army.
How do I understand that they were blackmailing you during this time?
This is a reference to the part of my testimony this morning where Adam said to me,
what's the rennet for us if we do something for shine?
The use of the word blackmail here by me is sort of an extortion used to distort.
The blackmail is a felony.
Why?
Can I...
It's a sentence by a sentence.
Before Senator Potter starts the question of witness, I'd like to ask the star.
Senator Durston, I'm explored with you two adjectives that have been used to describe you as a connection to this hearing.
You want to be strong and the other silent.
And I believe that under your oath you've made it that there's some reason to call you both strong and silent.
I believe another adjective also has been applied to you in the past that hearing is not only strong and silent but a hungry man.
It's not only that it's a youngster.
I'd like to thank you here to let your physical being stand in mute evidence that you are a times a hungry man.
Yes, I just...
How much of that does a hungry mean to food?
Yes, that's what I...
I think that that Evan could speak for itself.
Mr. Carp, what is the status...
What is your status within the committee staff organization?
You receive orders from the Chief Council or the TVC boarders from you or both of you on a par and receive orders from me.
I would say that we're more or less on a par if you wanted to make an organizational charter of the thing.
We both receive orders from the chairman and members of the committee and we attempt to coordinate them between us and correlate the odd duties between us.
But certain investigations to be held, for example, with the Chief Council for you when our work went as a field.
And we're certain areas, certain things you should look for and you would take over from there is that essentially correct?
Well, what you say...
Not exactly, sir. The Chief Council works along with us in connection with our investigation.
I feel that has the investigative arm, as you might say, that it is more or less of my function and the function of the investigators to do everything we can to see that the council
was going to present the case as it were in the hearings has what he needs.
As the Chief Administrative Officer of the committee staff, you supervise the entire personnel or just the investigators.
Well, all of the personnel on the staff, aside from the clerical, are really investigated. Some of them are lawyers but the monolegal work is as such.
It is not too great. It is mostly investigated. I do supervise them. One question involving some more serious or needful, serious knowledge of the and more complete knowledge of legal aspects of a particular matter, it is always a turn of Mr. Cohn to be sure to check.
What about the women members of the staff? They are careful.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Mr. Cohn, you have testified in the fact that there has been, during your FBI, worked that the customer procedures to make many memorandums.
I have recently mentioned that the committee has been instructed for this work here.
When the informers were part of the board, no memorandum was made. That is correct. That is the senator's.
I know that the memorandum that you have submitted here, is this a typical, is this typical of the subject matter of the memorandums that you would make as a staff director of the committee.
I do not know about the typical. These are memorandums that I did not make.
These are memorandums where no informer is mentioned. It is on a problem with the committee's confony work.
There is no mask in this question. I will ask it as soon as I can.
Other memorandums dealing with other general subjects. Is that correct?
Yes, sir. The memorandum that is submitted here are not all the memorandums that you have prepared.
No, sir. Mr. Cohn, you heard Mr. Adam is testified.
The training, the what to place, the payment of all the arrived from New York, from the courthouse to the whole palace, when Mr. Adam is trained in three times.
I believe it is testified this morning that a discussion there in that all the arrived with Mr. Cohn, I believe it was the drive.
Mr. Adam testified that it was part of an animated conversation. The youth waiver that it was by animated.
Yes, sir.
But you? It's your testimony that the discussion during that all the more field trip concerned general law.
Is that correct? In pension. They had a giant mention during the course of that conversation.
As I said this morning, his name was mentioned in the at the luncheon. One should one, Mr. Adam said, let's talk about China.
It's my recollection that his name was not mentioned at any point during the automobile ride.
When Mr. Adam testified, he animated that there was a certain amount of friction between Mr. Cohn and Senator McCarty, the same time.
He stated that after he had returned and talked with you about this automobile ride.
When Mr. Adam stated that it was up soft in those streets, he didn't have to catch a cab and get to the depot on a hurry to take his train.
He stated that we could have seen what happened to Senator McCarty.
I'd like to propose to you from the testimony Mr. Adam's on that call. I'll be pointing directly.
Mr. Adam stated.
Mr. Carcola, this is on 82592. Mr. Carcola me a few days later.
He didn't think that I could feel family about the way I was put off the car.
Because he said, I should have been there to see the way in the McCarty. That's the car. That's a few blocks away.
Did you say that to Mr. Carcola?
No sir, I didn't. I can see no reason why I would have said it since Senator McCarty and Mr. Cohn,
appeared to be an agreement about this subject of possible reprisals against a person who had helped the committee.
You heard Mr. Adam states that the main subject of conversation with Mr. Shine, you say that's not so.
Is it General Law?
He's the second, yes. I have no further questions.
Hello.
Thank you. And the timing didn't do you have to know.
Mr. Carcola, you're the executive director of the staff. Is that right?
Yes.
Could you tell me briefly what your functioning is in that capacity?
Yes sir. Briefly, I am the administrator of the office staff.
I supervise and follow the work of the investigators and the clerical force.
I also, however, investigate myself as I understand and I know Mr. Cohn does.
I think you want to change the way that sounds.
Well, I also investigate myself and Mr. Cohn does.
You get myself and around great. I am myself and this together.
Everybody wants to kind of say.
You act as an investigator.
You are a member of the Chief General of the department.
And you came out of the FBI where you have a great desire for efficiency and office routine and ferric routine.
The FBI does have great efficiency and office and ferric routine, yes sir.
You assign all investigators to their particular job to the all of you.
Yes, I think he could say all of us get assigned.
I know what the Chief Investigator is doing at any particular time in the General Way and assign a mission.
And he carried out that mission under your supervision.
Yes sir, in a general way.
Do the members of your staff as director today report back to you the results and accomplishments of their investigation periodically?
Yes sir.
And they report that they make written reports or horrible reports or both.
I hope they made an awful report.
Do you write a memorandum or do they write a memorandum for the files on the content that report?
Not in all cases, no.
Tell me a little about how they decide to use the side that it is.
To be known or not to be done.
Well, for instance, an investigator might tell me of a certain bit of information he has received.
Which was a decisive bit of progress in some investigation he was carrying on.
Now, he might tell me what had happened up to that point.
He might go back and write a memorandum through that point.
He might go back and not write a memorandum.
He might do additional work and subsequently write a memorandum.
But generally, he would have a memorandum when the job was closed, wouldn't he?
The most cases he would get.
Don't you think it's important to have written records of the results of any investigations in the file?
Yes sir, I think it's important.
It's only important to have a record in the file, for example, a staff member might get sick or go and work on another job or go to another town.
And it would be important to have worked from the leave of a record as possible, wouldn't it?
Or in my.
Are you familiar with this?
Mymeas Grant document I have here called Senate permanent subcommittee on investigation, filing and administration.
Yes sir.
Now, let me reach the paragraph on page 7.
Let me reach the paragraph on page 7.
The results of all interviews and investigations should be made a matter of record for the appropriate investigative file,
but the fairing memorandum or reports for that file, in most cases, the preparation of a memorandum by the staff member for these deficient to keep a case file record of the investigation being conducted.
Well, on that basis it would seem to be a routine, when that's except an extraordinary case to have a file of any particular investigation.
Yes sir.
Now, as I understand this morning, private shine does not report to you. Is that correct?
No sir.
To whom does it report?
Usually, for me.
It didn't report.
Usually, he reports to the senator, and as I said this morning, his work was coordinated with me through Mr. Cohn.
Now, as administrative head of the staff, are you also in control of the files of the investigating subcommittee, the files themselves?
Technically, I assume you're right.
If you want to file not in physical control, I'm not going to tell you.
I'm going to check it out under your supervision.
Hello documents which relate to committee investigation placed in these files.
No sir.
If they're not in the files, where are they placed?
Well, for instance, an investigator might receive information from a confidential informant, which information would be of value in connection with an executive or a public hearing, which might be conducted.
The fact that he may have notes on that.
The fact that the witness testified before the subcommittee and was asked a question, which the investigator had in his notes or had turned over on a separate paper to the council or the chairman, might not be be recorded in the files.
That's one example.
His notes on a pencil memorandum might be destroyed and undoubtedly would be destroyed.
Element leads you all to summarize the forths getting into the files or all the files that are getting into the files.
Or do you have, in effect, two sets of files, one that are two secrets to being the general files and one that are not two secrets?
No sir.
There's only one set of files.
Is there any committee classification put on a material going into the files? In other words, some documents mark secret and some not.
No sir.
The sir is on the committee also have access to these files.
Yes.
Do the investigators on the staff have free access to the committee file?
Do the secretary and clerk or assistant also have free access to the files?
No sir. That is another matter.
There is a girl that handles the file, the filing trick.
She has access to the file.
She files the material as it comes in. She takes part of the file room.
She has access to them, of course, and physical access.
The personnel of the medical personnel, aside from her, would have physical access, yes.
But they are not supposed to and do not go down and look through the file.
So is your secretary going to get a file?
So is she going down and looking through the file?
Well physically she should do it.
The proper way to do it and the way I think she would do it would be going through the file.
So she would be violating the regulation if she did it herself?
I do not think she would be violating the regulation enough.
In other words, any file clerk or any secretary will help to see the files they could.
No, they would be violating the records she would not.
My secretary will only find it.
What would not be violating any regulation if she went down to get the file for me?
If she went down from an afternoon to file for the file, I understand.
But she has access to the file for you.
Right. I do only investigate it and have access to.
Yes.
The members of the staff, what are the committees that have access to the file of this committee?
No.
The members of the staff, the senders who are on the committee, have access to the file?
No, sir.
I have never known one that's so, uh, so the file.
So the non-artisan council have access to the file?
Yes.
Could I ask you to prepare a list for me, Mr. Clark, showing first and devolcategories?